How is it, Mom?
Isn't this much more comfortable than eye drops?
Yes, indeed.
Much more comfortable than eye drops.
It's on.
Auntie.
I've made an appointment for you with
Director Li at Yunhai City Eye Hospital.
I'll come pick you up in a couple of days.
We'll go to the hospital for a detailed checkup.
That's too much trouble.
It's no trouble at all.
I also heard that
to take care of your eyes,
you need to look at green trees and grass,
and look into the distance from high places.
Let's go on an outing to relax in a couple of days.
Xiao Fan really is a filial child.
Thinking of taking us hiking to see the scenery.
Auntie, you raised Ruochu all by yourself.
It must have been so hard.
From now on,
our days will be happy,
and lively.
Thank you.
I've studied this development for a long time.
The greenery is the best in Luocheng.
Auntie, you'll definitely be comfortable living here.
But buying a house is such a big deal.
We should think it over carefully.
Of these two units, one overlooks South Mountain,
and the other opens up to the garden.
Pick one.
I choose...
Let me tell you,
with buying a house, you have to act first and report later.
If you tell them in advance,
they'll fight tooth and nail to stop you.
Parents are most afraid of their children spending money.
Auntie.
You came at just the right time.
Here,
look at these two developments.
Which one do you like?
Xiao Fan,
I didn't raise my daughter to trade her for a house.
No, Auntie,
that's not what I meant.
You've misunderstood.
Then you're treating my eyes,
and asking me to choose a house.
You're...
I just want to prove to you with actions
that my love for Ruochu isn't just talk.
I have the ability to give her a stable home,
and I will also take good care of the family she loves.
Xiao Fan.
Life isn't just about houses and money.
It requires responsibility.
Auntie, to be honest,
this development isn't the most expensive in Luocheng,
but the greenery and scenery are definitely the best.
I'm buying this house for no other reason
than for you to live comfortably here.
Auntie isn't trying to make things hard for you.
It's just that as parents...
I understand.
So I'd like to ask you to give me a chance
to be with Ruochu properly.
Is that okay?
Mom.
Auntie agrees to let you date.
But as for the future,
that depends on you two.
Then take a look, which one do you like?
You two decide.
You choose.
When Auntie relented today,
my palms were sweating the whole time.
Silly.
My mom just has a sharp tongue but a soft heart.
You must be tired today too.
Rest early.
I'll come find you tomorrow.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Chen Fan
How could it be?
Why did I dream of that car accident again?
Is this matter not over yet?
Hello, Sister Qiuci.
Ruochu, Ruochu, bad news.
That Zhou Honghai, he...
What happened to him?
He was released without charge.
What?
The police said that Longshi driver changed his testimony.
He admitted
that he and an accomplice kidnapped Zhou Honghai.
Anyway,
now there's even less evidence to charge Zhou Honghai.
But don't worry too much.
Zhou Honghai is now a priority surveillance target.
If he dares to make a move, he'll walk right into a trap.
Longshi saved Zhou Honghai.
He must be dead set on
working for Longshi now.
It's a pity about Wen Jie.
He became a stepping stone for him to climb up.
Do you guys know?
Actually, Wen Jie's family...
What about it?
I only found out a few days ago
when I was helping him sort through his things.
It turns out his parents passed away early.
He has a younger sister left in high school.
He shoulders all her tuition and living expenses alone.
Before, at the internet cafe
and the club, working day and night...
just to save money for his sister's college.
Then...
Then now...
now that he's in...
his sister...
can only stay with a distant relative.
The conditions there are pretty average.
In a couple of days,
let's go visit his sister on Wen Jie's behalf.
Yeah.
This partner of yours is quite capable.
He's a "former" partner.
Thanks to you for saving me this time.
I will remember this kindness forever.
The company doesn't keep idle people.
I saved you
because I see the value in you.
You were Chen Fan's earliest...
The partner running Extraordinary Tech
I believe you know him inside out
Rest assured
His tactics, his weaknesses
I know them all
That's perfect
The head of Long Technologies
has been transferred elsewhere
Now the position is vacant
The Group wants you to take over
R-Really?
From today on
you are the General Manager of Long Technologies
You need to come up with something new, fast
I want Chen Fan gone from this industry for good
Understood
Let's have a meeting
Everyone, take a good look
at the document in your hands
We're not making an ordinary plugin
but a weapon to change the industry rules
Do you understand?
Yes, yes, understood
Familiarize yourselves with it
Chen Fan
Liang Shichu
You looked down on my plan back then
I'm going to use it to slap you in the face
Seeing this place bustling puts me at ease
It seems the game investigation
and the car accident didn't affect this place
or the club's business
We put heart into the early operations
The foundation is solid
It won't collapse that easily
But with the game under investigation
we're bound to lose some users
We need to add new characters and modes
to attract them back
Yeah
Oh, right
For Extraordinary Tech
it can't just be the two of us
If you know any skilled
professionals with integrity
help recruit them
Money is not a problem
When I was active on forums
I did get to know a few guys
They're all top-tier experts
How about we ask them to join?
I trust you to handle it
Brother Liang, you're really fast.
You recruited everyone in just a few days.
So next, I'll lead everyone...
...to go all out.
I've arranged everything.
Xiao Li,
take over the development of Mecha Shanghai.
Try to add two or three new levels.
Old Gao,
watch the antivirus backend.
Update the virus database in real-time.
And I'll take Xiao Yang...
...to focus on developing the new antivirus assistant plugin.
What kind of crappy plugin is this?
I've uninstalled it three times already.
It's still popping things up.
Now it's popping up ads too.
Let me see.
Here.
Don't worry.
Let me check the processes for hidden services.
The registry entries were deleted too.
Wait,
does this thing have self-protection functions?
Deleted, deleted.
Wait, how did it rebuild itself again?
That's really insidious.
Dragon Wing Companion.
Brother Liang.
Yeah?
Check who developed this.
Okay.
It's Long Technologies.
Look.
I really didn't expect...
...that Long Technologies...
...would actually make Zhou Honghai the person in charge.
Zhou Honghai is a legitimate computer science graduate.
He started writing code very early on.
The earliest Assembly and C languages.
His foundation is solid too.
He even opened a computer school back home to teach others.
He really knows his stuff technically.
His skills are fine.
But his character...
When we discussed game development back then,
he was always thinking about monetization...
...and crooked ways to make a profit.
Now this Dragon Wing Companion...
...installs secretly and can't be uninstalled.
It even uses rogue pop-ups.
It's gone from bad to worse.
If you ask me,
this plugin is annoying enough,
but with the antivirus software...
...and games we're developing,
...it doesn't conflict for now.
In my opinion,
let's not get involved.
Save ourselves the trouble.
No.
We have to handle this.
If tech developers all learn their way...
...of exploiting loopholes and acting rogue,
the Chinese internet will eventually become a dump.
People like us who make legitimate products...
...will definitely get dragged down too.
Alright.
How do you want to do it?
I'll do it.
Let me take him on.
Upgrade the antivirus software to a new version.
Specifically add a Rogue Plugin Cleanup Module.
Specifically targeting this kind of undeletable...
...junk that secretly pops up ads.
So people can not only delete it completely,
but also block automatic installation.
Give users the freedom to install and uninstall.